wrote a good 3 scenes for camera man. next things on the todo list- 
write two scenes where she creates a facebook and then finds the images, she does more research and finds the pictures of other victims and see that they're also moving as well. 
scene- later that night she's resarching all these videos on THE CAMERA MAN, kinda montage of her searching up videos and reading subreddits. 
scene- she goes to work, tired, explaining the lore to Jeremy and Janet, who obviously don't believe her. she has started seeing the pictures so much they are like videos now, playing out last moments of death that's seen outside the camera, and they all seem to be ending with a man with a head for a camera 
scene- she posts on reddit about the the pictures moving and seeing a man with a head for a camera and wanted to talk to anyone else, one dude messages her about how they should chat, but in person, computers not good big brother watching, she rolls her eyes and sees another message popping up, reading, have you seen him in person yet? or whatever james said. She gets freaked out and closes her accounts, this happens at work-. 
scene- she goes home  from work and she sees a man for a head with a camera in the distance, she looks again and it's just a film crew.
scene- she goes to eat at the restaurant but then at dinner mario turns into CAMERAMAN say when... say when... say cheese. she freaks out he looks kinda confused saying, "so do you want me to keep going or no?" sonya says nothing and he continues grating the cheese.
scene- she's at work and she attacks a delivery driver she thinks is camera man (i just have a photography hobby) she gets fired for that, along with hacking the software. she is fired. 
scene- she tries to talk to old friends to use their phones. two doesn't work but one almost works. then she realizes she has to bite the bullet and get a phone. 
scene- she's at the phone store (here for a trade in, nah i don't have a phone / he has a reaction/ what/ what kinda cryptid which fellon are you?/ can I get a phone or not/ smart or (he looks at her) flip/let's be smart/ as always) She gets a phone and logs into her reddit account.
scene-She reaches out to the second guy, he messages her instantly asking if they can meet. He asks how quick can she get to this city in this bar? it's actually very close
scene where they meet at a bar, he tells his tale about how his friend died. 
scene where they go to check in on the other guy, he's freaky so they leave, she forgot her phone in a rush and come back,they hear him screaming and bones crunching, they break in and there is a pool of blood with film reel. they are scared now and decide to go out. 
scene: where do we go? He's always around cameras. ||| He always pops up where there's cameras. maybe we should go where there are no cameras. 
scene- they're deep in the forest, no cameras and ditch phones. it's dark and a light keeps coming in the distance. they go the other direction and the lights keep coming. at a certain point, their phones ding, a text rings-find your light. 
scene- they happen upon it, either a film set or a weird camera looking altar. (what is that/it's like a bunch of fucking cameras together/it's waste my darling/it's waste my darling. they go, she gets killed by CAMERAMAN and he ends it saying, Youre next. Ready for your close up?" "


notes- you're gonna have to relisten to the recordings to get the energy back but it's okay. Let's say..... we take sunday morning to write the rest. Thursday, we're gonna write a ton of works.


draft 2

read through and edit errors and inconsistencies



draft 3
structural things

Log line
Summary
Slug Lines for Scenes
Descriptions for scenes and actions. 
Descriptions for people as they appear in the script

finally after, 

DRAFT 4
Format for screenplay structure. 

This is time to share with general audience.

Share with friends and Family. 
